---
title: 20 of 365, Journeys
tags:
  - list/365-writing
  - 365DayProject
  - stage/seedling
canonical: https://wordsmith.social/carbontwelve/20-365-journeys
---


This is day twenty of my attempt to write something, anything, every day for 365 days in a row. _I haven't been very good at the continuous posting this year..._

—

Every time I drop my little one off at nursery we walk across a shingle carpark, and she will often spend a few minutes selecting a few small stones to treasure while we walk from where we have parked to the nursery doors.

At this point I normally put the collected stones into the front of her backpack or my pocket and promptly forget they exist until they turn up somewhere unexpected, often as a present left perfectly placed on a windowsill or coaster.

Today I noticed another one of these _presents_ left for me to find, and it started me thinking about the journey that particular stone had been on from the ground where it was forged to the windowsill where it had been placed to bask in the sun before being re-discovered to be placed in a jar on the shelf.

> _"I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. Time to die."_ - **Blade Runner (1982)**

This then reminded me of the tears in rain monologue from Blade Runner's final scene:

Everything has a journey. Your journey is important and yet much like the moments that made up the ones that brought shingle from its birthplace to a jar in my kitchen, every journey will be lost in time, like tears in rain.

—

The best we can do is enjoy the journey we are on and help those we travel with forge moments worth remembering and maybe, just maybe those moments will outlive us.

🌻