---
title: 17 of 365, <noscript>
slug: 17-of-365-noscript
tags:
  - list/365-writing
  - 365DayProject
  - stage/seedling
canonical: https://wordsmith.social/carbontwelve/17-365-noscript
---


This is day seventeen of my attempt to write something, anything, every day for 365 days in a row.

—

I remember watching Tomorrow's World in 1994 when they introduced the World Wide Web as the Information Superhighway. I was only a child at the time and wouldn't have my first taste of access until two years later when as a family we visited the [Goonhilly Satellite Earth Station](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goonhilly_Satellite_Earth_Station).

There they had set up five or so computers as a web-cafe with what was at the time one of _the_ fastest connections to the internet (gigabit internet access in 1996 was rare and restricted to those with deep pockets.) For the record the first website I ever visited was the BBC homepage followed soon after by their children's sub-site.

It took until 1998 when my parents could afford to buy a family computer that I began to have weekly access to the internet via use of a noisy 56k modem; but at 6p/min it was restricted to an hour a week at most.

A combination of not having constant internet access and having to share that hour a week with two sisters resulted in offline viewing being a necessity. Downloading webpages for later reading became the norm but that was ok because most websites at that time when little more than html and a handful of small images and css that was usually included in the page `<head>`.

The internet today has come a long way since those days but intrinsically the content hasn't changed; its still predominantly text and images except now we find most pages also saturated with JavaScript.

I say it's come a long way, I am unsure if it's actually progress. I use a handful of single page apps almost daily and while they work and are useful they do not compare to a native executable in terms of speed.

However beyond the use-case of single page apps the concept of having JavaScript be required for a website to display or be usable is in my mind ridiculous. It should be used to add to the experience but not be required.

—

🌻
