---
title: 2024 Roadmap
updated: 2024-01-13
tags:
  - Blogging
  - stage/seedling
---

After [[Goodbye 2023|saying goodbye to 2023]] I have decided that in order to make the most of my time in 2024 I should plan out how I want to use it; this page will be a [[ Living Document ]] that I update throughout the year as tasks get completed. The idea being that if I ever get stuck for what to work on **next** I can visit this page and work on filling out the stubs.

## What's happening in January

It's currently January and this month I want to start slow, focusing mostly on writing as often as I can but also in a sustainable manor so that I do not burn myself out!

As such I won't be working on **any** [[Big projects]], I do however intend to deploy an [[Introducing my Instagram inspired gallery|Instagram inspired gallery pages]] and have my [[Eleventy.js Interlink Plugin]] provide a widget for displaying stubs and what pages are linking to them.

While adding images for the [[Toshiba T5100]] page I decided to finally install and use [@11ty/eleventy-img](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@11ty/eleventy-img). I followed [Aleksandr Hovhannisyan's article: Optimizing Images with the 11ty Image Plugin](https://www.aleksandrhovhannisyan.com/blog/eleventy-image-plugin). I should probably update the [/changelog/](/changelog/).

I also have three posts from 2023 that I scheduled for publishing but never actually published. In addition to publishing them I also want to finish [[How to programmatically add tags to posts in 11ty]] which currently exists as a draft and until commit [`4eb9bd7`](https://github.com/photogabble/website/commit/4eb9bd73be9662df57e7abf1460f768a64b861c9) when I added a display for draft posts I believed this was both finished and published!

What this has flagged is that I need to work on [[My publishing workflow]] and look into what tooling I need to implement in order to keep on track!

In my Obsidian vault I have the concept of [[Anchor Page|anchor pages]] these are fluid foundations for post series and act as a dumping ground of things I would like to look into; they are sometimes useful to share and I would like a new section of this website within which to do so.

I’d like to fit in installing [FreshRSS](https://freshrss.org) although that might need to happen after [[Server Setup, Hetzner-Moose]] and that might not happen until March.

I want to update my [[Eleventy.js Interlink Plugin]] to include a filter for parsing Wikilinks within a given string, this will allow it to be used in files that aren't parsed by the Markdown engine.

### Key content that I would like to publish:
- [[Trade Wars 2002]] and [[Black Nova Traders]] which is heavily inspired by it
- [[Evergreen Content]]
- Write about my [[Toshiba T5100]]
- [[BASIC Programming Books]] (mostly the ones I read over Christmas)
- [[Ascendancy]] retrospective
- [[Lost Smiley ASCII DOS Games]]
- [[Why I use 11ty]] and [[Why I use Obsidian]]
- Update [[Generating random numbers over a range in Go]], I noticed while [[Porting a 30 year old game to Go]] that some of what I use in this article has since been deprecated
- [[2023 In Music]]
- [[2023 in Books]]

## My Plan for February

I'd like to begin anew on my #365DayProject ideally with some programatic support by way of an 11ty plugin or something. I'd like to be able to add `issue` and `volume` front matter to all current and future posts within this project and have a short code that is able to display the project stats and maybe tie into gamification of the whole process. Batch writing is also likely the only way that *I* will be able to have this happen concurrently to everything else going on.

Off the back of that, and taking inspiration from Juah's post [I gamified my own blog](https://hamatti.org/posts/i-gamified-my-own-blog/) I would also like to add an "achievements" page with some bespoke art "medals" for things such as "posted five days in a row", "wrote 10,000 words", etc. Small, fun milestones that should be achievable within the year.

I began writing the tutorial: [[Building a minimal forum with Laravel and htmx]] in November 2023 and would like to get it completed by end of February 2024.

### Key content that I would like to publish:
- [[Startopia]] retrospective, in 2021 [Spacebase Startopia](https://store.steampowered.com/app/840390/Spacebase_Startopia/) was released with mixed reviews. I'd like to play that and compare
- [[Teeny Towers]]
- Add [[Roguelike Development]] anchor page
- [[Virtual Rack]]
- [[Digital Spelunking]]

## Plan for the rest of 2024

This is largely TBD however I have a new [intentions for 2024 page](/intentions/) where I am planning out the broad strokes of the year.
